Add DataFrame.write.json and DataFrame.write.parquet functions (#1333)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

  - snowflake.snowpark.functions
    - udf

> - Added the function `DataFrame.write.csv` to unload data from a ``DataFrame`` into one or more CSV files in a stage.
> - Added the function `DataFrame.write.json` to unload data from a ``DataFrame`` into one or more JSON files in a stage.
> - Added the function `DataFrame.write.parquet` to unload data from a ``DataFrame`` into one or more PARQUET files in a stage.

Reviewer: this can be combined into one
```suggestion
- Added the functions below to unload data from a `DataFrame` into one or more files in a stage:
  - `DataFrame.write.json`
  - `DataFrame.write.csv`
  - `DataFrame.write.parquet`
```
